 , the gap between story and reality is that much wider, and it's that much harder to sit back and let the cliche-filled summa
aften lost. If the participants are still alive (or their descendants), then the historical narrative becomes a chance for agg
 ashioning the world, online, one message at a time. It would be foolish and, more importantly, a lie to say I saw and witness
lmeaning the search was endless and the reward that much more for finding the next one.                                       
fuldn't afford it, and others traded just to trade. Wares started out with games and business software, and the world has sinc
 poems, songs, ramblings, and long treatises on theories that the writer couldn't possibly have known. They were full of brava
rter night, grinding their eyes and their minds to post rebuttals to BBSs, by picking up a pile of hardware at a tag sale and 
fg crammed down into ASCII and posted for the world to find. It's a spectrum of humanity, and this is what I hope you'll find,
A wonderful thing happened in the 1980s: Life started to go online. And as the world continues this trend, everyone finding th
When a historian or reporter tries to capture the feelings and themes that proliferated through the BBS Scene of the early 198
Of course, the very nature of history is that it often has to be told in a linear fashion, with a beginning, middle and then a
But I was there, and I played my part. There were things I saw firsthand and rumors I heard whispered on illegal telephone con
In the culture of "underground" BBSs I was in, information became the juice that people traded in to build themselves up, tear
CODES were telephone access codes for free phone calls, or passwords to get into everything from the newest Apple II game to t
WARES (or "Warez") were software programs, any and all that ran on any computer, that were the work of others, stolen or acqui
T-Files (G-files, Philes, a dozen other names) were my specialty, the part of the culture that attracted me the most. Simply p
A pile of 6-digit numbers don't tell you what it was like to scam the newest phone access codes and trade them on the local ph
There are some ugly things down in these archives; there are narcissistic ravings from pre-adolescent social misfits. There ar
drawn online should know what happened before, to see where it all really started to come together and to know what went on, b
reader nearly always experiences a mere glimpse of what went on. This is probably true of most any third-party reporting, but 
use and effect must somehow be shown, even if no apparent flow exists. The evidence and indications that the big innovations w
late in the night, and there were a lot of words I read and a lot of places I travelled. I communicated with people who though
own, or share with everyone to bring the whole social group up a few notches. Information manifested itself in many different 
 or business down the street. One simple number, one simple word, and they could earn someone honor or disgrace depending on i
ree from a source, useful or useless depending on the trader involved. Some collected for the prestige of getting the next big
were textfiles of any sort, written to explain in detail an important new computer discovery, a great new concept, or an old p
d; playing "Choplifter" on an Apple II Emulator won't give you the feeling of the people trying to trade it for another hot Wa
or anarchy. There's satanism, there's racism, there's all the -isms in the book lurking in the words. But there's hope, too. T